Congratulations.
You have just finished the fifth lesson of this course.
Now let's summarize what we have learned.
In this lesson, we first discussed
the definition and use of quantitative and qualitative data,
including the benefits and drawbacks of each data type.
Then we talked about how qualitative and quantitative
data are integrated into the cycle of iterative design.
In the third part of this lesson,
we covered different methods of qualitative data collection,
including focus groups, interviews, and usability testing.
We also talked about the benefits and drawbacks of each method of qualitative research.
In the fourth part of this lesson,
we discussed the jobs to be done framework and its usefulness for
understanding the job customers are trying to accomplish with our product.
We covered the importance of defining functional, related,
and emotional jobs and learned how to create
a job map to reveal areas for further product innovation.
Finally, in the last part of this lesson,
we learned about using the RICE framework to aid and feature prioritization.
By looking at the reach, impact, confidence,
and effort for each potential feature,
product managers can make better decisions about which features to build first.
Congratulations on completing this lesson.
In the next lesson,
we will look at running A/B and multivariate experiments to
test the impact of potential new features. See you soon.